multiple smart punctuation fixes (#312)
vim-pandoc/vim-pandoc-syntax: README.md

## Installation

The repository follows the usual bundle structure, so it's easy to install it using [Plug](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug), [pathogen](https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen), [Vundle](https://github.com/gmarik/vundle) or NeoBundle. 

**Plug** adds something like the following lines to `.vimrc`:

```vim
Plug 'vim-pandoc/vim-pandoc-syntax'
```

**Vundle** users should add:

```vim
Plugin 'vim-pandoc/vim-pandoc-syntax'
```

> Run `:PluginInstall` after making the changes from within a `vim` session, or you can just run `vim +':PlugInstall' +':q!' +':q!'` from the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `:PluginInstall` after making the changes and reloading your rc file from within a `vim` session, or you can just run `vim +PlugInstall +UpdateRemotePlugins +all +qa` from the command line.
```

A [tarball](https://github.com/vim-pandoc/vim-pandoc-syntax/archive/master.zip) is also available.

### Standalone

If you want to use `vim-pandoc-syntax` without vim-pandoc, you'll need to tell
Vim to load it for certain files. Just add something like this to your vimrc:

```vim
augroup pandoc_syntax
    au! BufNewFile,BufFilePre,BufRead *.md set filetype=markdown.pandoc
augroup END
```

## Features

* Supports most (if not all) Pandoc's markdown features, including tables,
  delimited codeblocks, references, etc.

* Can handle multiple embedded languages (LaTeX, YAML headers, many languages
  in delimited codeblocks). Some commands are provided to help with this (see
  `:help pandoc-syntax-commands`)

* Pretty display using `conceal` (optional).

* Configurable (see `:help pandoc-syntax-configuration` for an overview of the
  options).

## Screenshots

> ![img1](doc/UKXbG2V.png)

Reviewer: Can you please revert these changes and drop the image blobs from the commit(s)? For now I think I'd rather leave these out-of-band. One you put screenshots in a plugin they follow the repository around literally forever, and if you update them people start having multiple versions of the images in their repositories. Given that I check out my plugins on all sorts of machines, that starts adding up space and bandwidth for very little gain.
